# Data_Viz_PowerBI
Dynamic dashboards in PowerBI in sports analytics. Dashboards include UEFA Champions League 2016-22, FIFA World Cup 2022, and Cricket analysis. </br>
</br> • Learned to clean and transform data using PowerQuery. Some functions used: delimiters, split, extract, merge, change data type, replace values. </br>
</br> • Some of the charts used: stacked column and bar, clustered column and bar, line and area, funnels, pie, donut, treemaps, slicers (dynamic and static), text cards, create buttons, summary box. </br></br></br>
</br> Dashboards included on this repository include: </br>
</br> • ***Cricket_PowerBI***: This is a cricket dashboard on MS PowerBI where I have analyzed team and player performance. It is interactive with dynamic text boxes and you can use four different types of filters. </br>
</br> • ***FIFA-WC2022_PowerBI***: This summarises the performances of teams and players at the 2022 Qatar FIFA World Cup. The data was collected from different websites and had to be transformed using PowerQuery before making the dashboards. It is an interactive dashboard with buttons and dynamic text boxes. In the second part, I have analyzed and summarised the performance of players during the tournament. It is an interactive dashboard with buttons and dynamic text boxes. You can also use six different types of filters to get the data you want. </br>
</br> • ***UEFA-Champions-League_PowerBI***: This analyzes 2016-2022 seasons. Dashboard has 3 sections: a) About UCL b) Goals c) Matches. Goals section shows players' goals and assists, midfielders / forwards / defenders' goals, stadiums' goals, and more. The matches section highlights teams' home/away wins, top winning managers, wins by country, attendance, and more. Slicers allow data filtering.</br>
